Feat: added `ssl_supported_protocols` option (#131)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-http: docs/index.asciidoc

Timeout (in seconds) to wait for data on the socket. Default is `10s`

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_supported_protocols"]
===== `ssl_supported_protocols`

> * Value type is <<string,string>>
> * Allowed values are: `TLSv1.1`, `TLSv1.2`, 'TLSv1.3'
> * There is no default value for this setting
> 
> List of allowed SSL/TLS versions to use when establishing a connection to the HTTP endpoint.
> The default depends on the JDK being used and with up-to-date Logstash is `['TLSv1.2', 'TLSv1.3']`.
> `TLSv1.1` is not considered secure and is only provided for legacy applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Value type is <<string,string>>
* Allowed values are: `TLSv1.1`, `TLSv1.2`, `TLSv1.3`
* Default depends on the JDK being used. With up-to-date Logstash, the default is `['TLSv1.2', 'TLSv1.3']`.
`TLSv1.1` is not considered secure and is only provided for legacy applications.

List of allowed SSL/TLS versions to use when establishing a connection to the HTTP endpoint.
```

Author: nope that wasn't - it's a typo, thanks for noticing
